-->
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Battle Rules | World of Tanks Generals 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 Services 
 Forum 
 Wiki 
 Support 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 Log in 
 

 
 or create account 
 
 

 
 My Profile 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 Личный кабинет 
 

 
 Premium Shop 
 

 

 
 
 Log out 
 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 -->
 
 
 
 World of Tanks Generals 
 

 
 
 
 Home 
 

 
 About 
 

 
 Hall of Fame 
 

 

 
 Play 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 
 Guide 
 
 

 
 
 Battle Rules

 
 
 World of Tanks Generals is a turn-based, two-player game. Players deploy cards from their hands, move cards on the Battlefield, and attack each other. The winner is the player who destroys their opponent&rsquo;s HQ.

 
 Garage

 The Garage is displayed when you enter the game.

 

 See also Garage .

 
 Battle Screen

 The Battle Screen is displayed when you start a battle.

 

 
 See also Battle Screen .

 
 Battlefield

 The 15-square Battlefield is the main area for military combat.

 

 
 At the beginning of the battle, both HQs are placed on opposite corners of the Battlefield. Your HQ is at the bottom, while your enemy's is at the top.

 The Bridgehead comprises the three squares adjacent to your HQ. You can deploy units to the Bridgehead only.

 The HQ Support Panel is to the left of the Battlefield. Squads are deployed to the HQ Support Panel.

 
 
 Your Hand and Casualties

 Your is made up of the cards you can play during your turn.
 Casualties are the stack of discarded cards.

 
 At the start of the battle you receive a starting hand &mdash;six random cards from your deck.

 At the start of each turn, you also receive one random card to your hand. However, as going first gives a slight strategic advantage, the first player in the first round does not receive this additional card.

 If you have more than six cards in your hand at the end of your turn, excess cards are randomly selected and discarded to Casualties.

 Destroyed units and squads, as well as deployed orders, also go to Casualties.

 
 
 Resources and Resource Growth

 Resources are funds you pay to play cards from your hand.
 Resource growth is the amount of resources a card yields when on the Battlefield or HQ Support Panel. Resource growth is indicated on the upper right corner of the card.

 
 You receive resources at the beginning of each turn.

 Total resource growth changes during the battle and is the sum of the resource growth of all cards on the Battlefield and HQ Support Panel.

 The amount of resources available on your current and next turn is displayed on the resource counter .

 Resources that you do not spend during your turn expire at the beginning of your next turn. 

 
 See also Gaining Resources .
 

 
 Your Turn

 
 The player who goes first is randomly selected in every battle.

 Each turn has a time constraint. The time remaining for your turn is indicated under the End Turn button.

 During your turn, you can do the following:
&ndash; use assets
&ndash; deploy cards from your hand
&ndash; move units on the Battlefield
&ndash; attack your enemy

 When you have nothing left to do, end your turn. To see what your enemy's got up his sleeve, click the End Turn button.

 Be careful: if you make no moves and take no action for two minutes, your turn finishes automatically.

 
 
 Playing Cards

 

 
 To deploy cards from your hand, you pay with resources. The deploy cost is indicated on the upper left corner of the card.

 Where you deploy the card depends on the card type. Units can only be deployed to the Bridgehead and squads can be placed on the HQ Support Panel. Orders are applied to cards or to the Battlefield (or its parts) and then put into Casualties.

 
 See also Deploying Cards and Gaining Resources .

 
 Moving Cards

 

 
 Once units are deployed you can move them on the Battlefield.

 The way units move on the Battlefield depends on the unit type.

 
 See also Moving Units .

 
 Fighting Your Enemy

 

 
 You can attack your enemy with your HQ and units.

 In response to your attack, the target counterattacks.

 All units, except tank destroyers, attack and counterattack at the same time.

 A card on the Battlefield can attack once during your turn and counterattack once during your enemy&rsquo;s turn.

 The way units attack or counterattack depends on the unit type.

 
 See also Attacking and Counterattacking .

 
 Ending the Battle

 

 
 The battle usually lasts until one of the HQs is destroyed. However, the battle also finishes if one of the players exhausts their 15-minute time limit.

 Either player can also end the battle at any time by clicking (the White flag button) in the upper left corner of the Battle Screen.

 
 

 
 
 
 
 < Deck and Cards 
 Ways of Winning the Battle > 


 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 ESRB 
 

 
 
 facebook 
 twitter 
 

 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 EULA 
 
 

 
 
 Russia 

 Русский 

 
 
 Europe 

 English 
 Čeština 
 Deutsch 
 Español 
 Français 
 Polski 
 Türkçe 

 
 
 North America 

 English 
 Português 
 Español 

 
 
 Asia 

 English 
 日本語 
 繁體中文 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 ESRB 
 

 
 
 
 facebook 
 twitter 
 

 
 wargaming.net 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 EULA 
 
 © 2009–2016 Wargaming.net