-->
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Editing a Deck | World of Tanks Generals 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 Services 
 Forum 
 Wiki 
 Support 
 
 
 
 
 
 Log in 
 
 
 or create account 
 
 

 
 My Profile 
 

 
 
 
 Личный кабинет 
 

 
 Premium Shop 
 

 
 
 Log out 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 -->
 
 
 
 World of Tanks Generals 
 

 
 Home 
 About 
 Hall of Fame 
 

 
 Play 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 About 
 Guide 

 
 Editing a Deck

 
 
 Deckbuilding is a big part of the game. With hundreds of cards to choose from, and both players creating their own decks, every game is unique.

 Edit your deck or collect a completely new one in the Deck Editor. You can also buy and rent cards in the Deck Editor.

 
 To open the Deck Editor: 

 
 In the Garage, select the deck you want to edit.

 Click Edit to the left of the BATTLE! button. The deck editor for the selected deck opens.

 
 

 The Deck Editor consists of four blocks:

 
 
 
 
 Filters 

 
 
 Cards in the Collection 

 
 
 Deck Info 

 
 
 Cards in the Deck 

 
 
 

 
 Filters

 To display the Filters block, click Filters in the upper right corner of the Deck Editor.

 

 This block helps you sort and search the cards in your Collection as well as choose which cards you want to see there.

 
 
 
 Sort 
 
 By deploy cost 
 To sort cards by deploy cost or power, click or . 

 
 
 
 By card power 

 
 
 
 Ascending / descending 
 To sort cards in ascending or descending order of deploy cost / power, click . 

 
 Search 
 
 Search bar 
 To find a card by name, use the search bar . 

 
 Filter 
 
 By nation: all cards, USSR, USA, Germany 
 To filter cards by nation, category, type, attribute, or HQ compatibility, click the required icons on panels , , , or .
 See also Nations, Categories, Types and Attributes of cards.

 To display all card in your Collection, click All on the required filter panel/panels.

 

 
 
 
 By category of cards: all cards, mercenary cards, premium cards 

 
 
 
 By type of cards: all cards, light tanks, medium tanks, heavy tanks, tank destroyers, SPGs, orders, assault squads, defensive squads 

 
 
 
 By key attribute of cards: Defense, Camouflage, Cover 

 
 
 
 By HQ compatibility: all cards, cards compatible with current HQ 

 
 
 To close the Filters block, click Hide .

 
 Cards in the Collection

 

 Your Collection includes the cards that you can add to your decks. Copies of the same cards are gathered in piles. The number of copies is indicated in the lower right corner of the card picture. If all copies of a card are added to the deck, the card is not shown in your Collection.

 
 
 
 The cards are scaled-down. To enlarge a card and view its details, right-click it. 

 
 
 Click a card in your Collection to add it to your deck.

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 Sorting, filtering, and searching can help you find the card you want to add to the deck. 

 
 
 

 
 Deck Info

 To display the Deck Info block, click Info in the Deck Editor.

 

 In this block you can find the following information and buttons:

 
 
 
 
 Deck name 
 To change the deck name, click the name and type a new one. 

 
 
 Change deck 
 Click to choose another deck or create a new deck with the current HQ. 

 
 
 Number of cards in deck / required number of cards 
 You cannot battle with a deck of more or less than 40 cards (excluding the HQ). 

 
 
 Deck power 
 The deck power is the sum of all the card powers in the deck. The card power depends on the card tier.
 
 
 
 Your enemy&rsquo;s deck power can only be 15% more or less than your deck power. For example, if your deck power is 44, your enemy deck power must be between 40 and 51. 

 
 
 

 
 
 Correct deck automatically 
 Click to let the AI collect your deck. 

 
 
 Editor 
 To hide the Deck Info block, click Editor . 

 
 
 Type 
 Click to view the number of cards by type . 

 
 
 Cost 
 Click to view the number of cards by deploy cost . 

 
 
 Power 
 Click to view the number of cards by tier. 

 
 
 Category 
 Click to view the number of cards by category . 

 
 
 
 Cards in the Deck

 

 This block includes the cards of the current deck. Copies of the same cards are gathered in piles. The number of copies is indicated in the lower right corner of the card picture.

 
 
 
 The cards are scaled-down. To enlarge a card and view its details, right-click it. 

 
 
 To delete a card from the deck, click the card. The card is moved to your Collection.

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 < Renting Cards 
 Buying Assets > 

 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 ESRB 
 

 
 facebook 
 twitter 
 

 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 EULA 
 
 

 
 
 Russia 

 Русский 

 
 
 Europe 

 English 
 Čeština 
 Deutsch 
 Español 
 Français 
 Polski 
 Türkçe 

 
 
 North America 

 English 
 Português 
 Español 

 
 
 Asia 

 English 
 日本語 
 繁體中文 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 ESRB 
 

 
 
 facebook 
 twitter 
 

 
 wargaming.net 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 EULA 
 
 © 2009–2016 Wargaming.net